why won't you fight against me I haven't
got any reason to fight you what I was
never friends with co-head his criminals
I can't fight alongside you hi
I believe he's telling us the truth and
I shall have to deal with you too
now I believe you were telling the truth
hurting me we've got a big fight ahead
of us if you're not strong enough to
transform we're not gonna stand a chance
of winning I help you conserve your
energy by carrying you and this is how
you thank me
I guess we're a little jumpy you really
scared us you are approaching the sacred
mountain where the Dragons in save our
lives trespassers are not allowed on the
sacred mountain therefore I suggest you
turn around and go back to where you
came from you say sin saber so it does
exist thanks a lot old man I'm warning
you
climb this mountain and you will incur
the wrath of the dragon that's fine with
me you see he is the one we came here to
fight in the first place
forget it you won't succeed but over
time many dragon masters have come to
this mountain with the intention of
defeating the almighty since a bur
however not a single one of them has
lived to tell the tale look around you
and you can see the evidence but I don't
have a choice no one beats in saber
don't throw away your life I've come
this far I can't just give up now I have
to finish what I set out to do
I intend to come back alive
such a waste they all have the same
confidence in none of them ever returned
the dragon's lair home of the legendary
sin saver
you must not leave Kohei your body was
injured as a result of the unstable
transfer device you need time to recover
you need to rest who do you think you
are agent ji telling me what I can and
can't do
Kohei please quit acting like you're my
brother I'm starting to get real tired
of seeing you around
are you surprised I've known you for a
long time remember the Dragon Drive
system being developed by President
Tokyo was near completion and then one
day you appeared on the scene making the
strongest dragon drive player of the
mall those were president Toki's orders
finally I'd been promoted to agent and
there I was nothing more than a
glorified babysitter but there was
nothing I could teach you you were
already the strongest warrior around the
more you trained under my supervision
the more impressed I became with your
skill and the more time I spent with you
watching you grow the more I came to
think of you as family strange huh I
resented you at first but as time went
on I started to think of you as a kid
brother
I know you better than anyone so can you
blame me for worrying about you hmm
you're boring me can we change the
subject look I understand why you want
to get back out there after all the
things your father said to you but what
you need right now is some rest
giving me your opinion is not part of
your job description look Co head
I was just thanks for the chat but I've
got to go my dad wants me to help him
achieve his ultimate goal please you're
starting to get on my nerves in my face
all the time but Co hey very well I'm
taking a break
you want to come what are you up to
you'll have to wait and see ah
man this is creepy
where are you rayji Asura all this fog
I'm never gonna find him from way up
here
hmmm this brings back memories why have
you brought me here I'll make you a deal
create the strongest opponent you can
I'll keep it simple if I lose to the
dragon you create I'll give up my plan
and return to Riku
what's that hurry up and give me an
enemy that is if you're going to accept
my deal very well come on what are you
waiting for
not these guys again they've been
upgraded I've taken previous battle data
into consideration you won't be
disappointed
well I'll look forward to it are you
ready I'm ready
you